Clarity proposal for notebook-classic.rst (#631)
jupyter/jupyter: docs/source/install/notebook-classic.rst

Prerequisite: Python
--------------------

While Jupyter runs code in many programming languages, **Python** 

> (Python 3.3 or greater, or Python 2.7) is a requirement for installing the Jupyter Notebook.

Reviewer: Thank you for highlighting this outdated sentence. What about updating it and moving the version information further down?

```suggestion
is a requirement for installing the Jupyter Notebook. The Python version required
differs between Jupyter Notebook releases (e.g. Python 3.6+ for Notebook v6.3,
and Python 3.7+ for Notebook v7) .
```
